DOCSP-44991 -- Resiliency 2nd Draft (#78)
mongodb/docs-atlas-architecture: source/resiliency.txt

Self-Healing Deployments
````````````````````````

> |service| {+clusters+} must consist of an odd number of nodes, because the node 

Author: Actually, I think the comma is required to avoid a run on sentence here.

Connecting Your Application to |service|
`````````````````````````````````````````

> We recommend that you use a connection method that is built on the most `current driver version <https://www.mongodb.com/docs/drivers/>`__ 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend that you use a connection method built on the most `current driver version <https://www.mongodb.com/docs/drivers/>`__ 
```

`````````````````````````````````

If your ``minPoolSize`` and ``maxPoolSize`` values are similar, the majority of your 

> database client connections will open at application startup. For example, if your

Reviewer: ```suggestion
database client connections open at application startup. For example, if your
```

``minPoolSize`` is set to ``10`` and your ``maxPoolSize`` is set to ``12``, 10 

> client connections will open at application startup, and only 2 more connections 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
client connections open at application startup, and only 2 more connections 
```

can then be opened during application runtime. However, if your ``minPoolSize`` 
is set to ``10`` and your ``maxPoolSize`` is set to ``100``, up to 90 additional 
connections can be opened as needed during application runtime.

> As there is additional network overhead associated with opening new client connections,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Additional network overhead is associated with opening new client connections.
```

> it is worth considering whether would prefer to incur that network cost at 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
So, consider whether you would prefer to incur that network cost at 
```

application startup, or to incur it dynamcially in as as-needed basis during 

> application runtime, which - if there is a sudden spike in requests that would 
> require a large number of additional connections to be opened at once - has the 
> potential to impact operational latency and perceived performance for end-users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
application runtime, which has the 
potential to impact operational latency and perceived performance for end-users if there is a sudden spike in requests that would 
require a large number of additional connections to be opened at once.
```
